  The video rental company seems to be going through a phase of less profits and just like any other business they are trying to find increase profits
without jeopardizing their motto: great movies at great rates. The recommendation from the owner seems to draw a strong conclusion from just a
single store's experience with reducing open hours thus to increase profits. Furthermore their recommendation does not take into account any
specific statistics such as the location where the other nine stores are, or the community in which these stores operate.
  A very important question to the recommendation would be whether it would be wise to follow the experience of just one store, without properly
analyzing why the approach used by that store proved to be successful. The other nine stores would also need to analyze their own statistics, such
as the periods of the day during which most number of customers visit their store. They shouldn't blindly follow the recommendation and close the store after 6 P.M. ,
instead they should find out specific time periods when their store gets the least visitors and thus should close the store during those times, rather than making
an uninformed decision and take the risk of profits going even low.
  The stores should also peruse their records and find out specific information about the kind of movies the community they serve in, likes.
To limit the stock of movies older than 5 years might have worked for the store that the owner draws their recommendation from, but this would not be necessarily
benefitial for all the stores. The other nine stores might have different communities they might be serving. Such as some might be serving the youth,
where keeping latest movies and do away with stocks older than 5 years could increase profits, but on the other hand a store might be catering to 
an older generation who might like movies that were released 5 or 10 years earlier, thus following the recommendation could prove catastrophic for such a store.
  The stores could also find out through surveys the incomes of their customers, if they serve in a community of high income per customer, they could
very well increase their profits by increasing the rental prices of the videos they provide. This again like other points above would be specific to the
stores and they would need to go through proper records and statistics to be better equpped to make a decision.
  The recommendation by the owner of the company in its present form, is flawed for all the reasons indicated. The recommendation could, however, be strengthened if
the company helps the store owners in conducting surveys or by providing them with statisticians who could analyze the record books on store by store basis and
thus provide better and well informed recommendations, failures of whose would be less likely than the present recommendation.
