  In the wake of current efforts and more people being aware about the environment and the scoiety they live in, whether or not corporations 
operating in these societies should be responsible for their betterment has been debated since some time now. While both the sides have their
own strengths and weaknesses, I strongly believe that a corporation using up resources of a society or environment should be responsible to give back to it
in some way or the other.
  It is correct that a companies ideology should be to maximise its profits and make as much money as possible, but a corporation that promotes
the well being of its employees and their families thus indirectly making the society a better place, is better suited to make profits in the long run.
Consider the case of a country like India, which is a globally recognised IT and computer software hub, but still struggles with widespread illiteracy and poverty.
The best of the best engineers go and settle to countries where living conditions are better than India, if corporations promote and support education of youngsters
they would be investing into a future which would reap them a lot of money later.
  Poor working conditions and the approach to make only money can cause a society serious setbacks. If the health and well being of the employeesis not 
taken care of there could be a large scale reduction in the work force thus causing these very corporations less available skilled employees and thus less profits.
Consider the case of corporations like Samsung, which has played an integral part in the development of South Korea. They have worked with the government to support
education for the poor and also provide health facilities and in turn have received the governments support to operate and stand out of the competion
from other corporations.
  Talking about environment, as we have seen in the early years of the great industrialization in the early 19th century, the disregard for forests and, 
conversion of farmlands to factories led to famines and times when floods became common due to soil erosion and other catastrophies. Such attitude, as history
suggests would only be parasitic and the environment would sooner or later be unsafe for the corporation to even work in. Consider the Chernobyl disaster for examplewhere,
proper safety measurements were not in place andtoday the entire city is uninhabitable, let alone for the company to make profits there.
  A sustainable approach to interaction with the environment is the only way corporations can increase their longetivity and also in the long run continue to reap
profits. Employees and society if treated well stay loyal to corporations and also educated youth help them achieve big status. Thus investing into the society and 
environments future is necessary for the corporations.
