The manager seems to draw astrong conclusion to cut down on the time given to national news and restore the time given to weather and local news, from the evidences provided. Furthermore he/she provides no information as to why they increased their national news timings last year in the first place. Statistical information regarding the viewership and the complaints are alsonot provided. Withdrawal of advertisements by local advertisers is thought to be due to weather and local news not being telecasted without any kind of evidence, regarding what these businesses are and what they sell.

First, information as to why the station decided to increase national news time last year needs to be provided. It might be the case that the station was in a similar predicament last year and thus chose to decrease local news time. If this is so it would only make the station continue losing viewership and revenue. 

The station manager also does not provide any statistical evidence as to how many compnaints were filed and what percentage of these complaints was regarding coverage of weather and local news. Also the complaints would be needed to be categorized properly, into if they are about the time given to the local news and weather or if they are about the content being shown in them for whatever time these news are being telecasted. The viewers might be complaining about the content not being properly researched rather than about the less time these news are being aired. In such a case increasing the time given to such news would only casue more problems.

Analysis of what the stations which have the most local businesses as advertisers, are airing would also be needed. If these channels are airing local news and weather reports for longer times then the assesment by the manager would stand right. On the other hand if these stations air more of national news like the station in consideration, then there would be other causes for the local businesses withdrawing their advertisements. One such cause could be the anchors for the station not being as engaging in their shows as anchors on other stations.

Assesment of the rates being charged by other television stations, for broadcasting advertisements would also be needed. It could be possible that these stations to attract bussinesses are keeping their rates more competitive and thus attracting more businesses.

The recommendation by the manager seems to be strong given the evidence provided. The arguement could be strengthened if the information mentioned above as missing is provided.
