Whether a nation should make sure all its students study the same national curriculum or not is debate that has been going on for long, and in a country as culturally diverse as India, we see the implications of both the sides of the arguement. Both sides have their strengths and weaknesses and having been born in society where the arguements of both these sides can be seen and felt on a day to day basis, I can only agree partially with the recommendation.

This recommendation surely propels the youth of all parts of the country to the same goals and thus makes sure that the direction of the growth of the country is towards the up. It also plays a very important role in mitigating any feelings of alienation among the students from different regions of the nation. When students study the same curriculum they learn to think alike, their core beliefs which get entrenched during a youth's student years, are also the same. Consider the case of North and South India, there has been a history of discomfort among the people from these regions. My parents studied in the north and whenever they came across students  from the south, both the sides felt discomfort in interacting owing to the beliefs of each being poles apart. Since the curriculum for the country has now been unified under the Central board for senior secondary education, during my student years I have always had a few friends from down south of the country. I credit this to the unified curriculum. Another thing such a curriculum has has some success to abolish is the caste system. People getting the same education has eased away these anachronic beliefs giving way to new beginnings.

Just like a coin toss has two equally probable outcomes, this arguement has two equally important sides. The major concern of those against such unification is that when the country is culturally diverse, its curriculum needs to be flexible. It needs to be specific for different regions and not specific for the nation as a whole. This arguement stands valid, as within the time bounds of classroom teaching, a student can't be taught about all the cultures, thus students should be taught their regional culture and curriculum should be designed such as to promote this. The other arguement these people would voice is that in case of a national curriculum the teachers could force their opinions on the students and try to mould their beliefs according to their own religious or cultural belief. This arguement also stands sound as their have been a lot of such instances of one religious belief funding schools to make sure teachers be biased towards the beliefs they wish to spread.

Given both the sides, I would recommend a system where there is a part of regional and national curriculum in a socially peaceful equilibrium. Students should know about their region's history, its cultural beliefs, its problems and also about the nation as a whole. A curriculum with comprehensive coverage of regional and a broad coverage of national curriculum should be supported. Another thing such a system needs to ensure is the proper execution and transparency about what teahcers at schools teach, so as to make sure beliefs are not being forced on the students, instead they are being encouraged to accept whichever appeals to their ideas the most.

Having grown up in India, I have met people on both sides of the arguement. My opinion thus shapes from personal experiences. I recommend nations cutlturally diverse should be flexible in their curriculum for reasons stated above.
